Waku message spec (#199)
vacp2p/rfc: specs/waku/v2/waku-message.md

        - [Version 1](#version-1)
- [Differences from Whisper / Waku v1 envelopes](#differences-from-whisper--waku-v1-envelopes)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Copyright](#copyright)

# Abstract

This specification provides a way to encapsulate messages sent over Waku with specific information security goals.

# Motivation

When using Waku to send messages over Waku there are multiple concerns:
- We may have a separate encryption layer as part of our application
- We may want to provide efficient routing for resource restricted devices
- We may want to provide compatibility with Waku v1 envelopes
- We may want payloads to be encrypted by default
- We may want to provide unlinkability for metadata protection

This specification attempts to provide for these various requirements.

## WakuMessage

A `WakuMessage` is what is being passed around by the other protocols, such as WakuRelay, WakuStore, and WakuFilter.

The `payload` field SHOULD contain whatever payload is being sent. See section below on payload encryption.

The `contentTopic` field SHOULD be filled out to allow for content-based filtering. See [Waku Filter spec](waku-filter.md) for details.

> The `version` field SHOULD be filled out to allow for various types of payload encryption.

Reviewer: I think we can even go with a `MAY` here?

Author: True, I guess this would default to 0 regardless

> The `version` field SHOULD be filled out to allow for various types of payload encryption.

Author: ```suggestion
The `version` field MAY be filled out to allow for various types of payload encryption. Omitting it means the version is 0.
```

## Protobuf

```protobuf
message WakuMessage {
  optional bytes payload = 1;
  optional string contentTopic = 2;
  optional string version = 3;
}
```

## Payload encryption

> Payload encryption depends on which `version` field is set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Payload encryption depends on the `version` field.
```

Author: multiple version versions
